hello people who have a digital camera knows how to organize the photos
scattered raisins on the pc gives a damn hard work the user needs
time to stay opening and closing pictures, it also needs a lot of
patience to end up seeing images back and forth but there is a
free program that will fix this arduous and be sincere boring task
is picasa 3 points 6 this programinha made by google scoured to sell
stones and other types of memory this is for photos found by
category
it also generates an image gallery and shows to the user whether there are
repeated focuses on the pc the program is very easy to use a click on top of the
fossas found it triggered gallery mode and there is a feature to navigate
for photos, picasa also needs just one click to do it
basic editions of photos such as removing red leaves improve
contrast and crop images between other options after storing the
photos the user can leave the house to create a kind of sun city what
shows the photos to friends was interesting because it allows
photos from that gallery in virtual album services on the blog have in
youtube with few commands is worth saying in this case the user needs a
google account one of the coolest functions of picasa is the rating
of people it automatically identifies individuals in the photos and
allows them to be named by physical characteristics
that they also have interests that way the program allows
photo sports searches
a very good resource for anyone who has thousands of other baby pictures
nice feature is what allows you to put geographic information in photos
using a bass drum makes the picasa to work well needs a vehicle with
the ram down memory is a fast processor if you have a
the micrometer may take a long time to perform
tasks if you do not mind the picasa make sure it will be a
good solution for messy spot camera on pc
comments just below